Right, so start of the first meeting.. Mm-hmm. Right, so agenda of the first meeting. Where we Okay. We have twenty five minutes for this meeting. We are to get acquainted.
So does everyone want to say who they are? that seem sensible? Yeah. I'm Robin. I'm the Marketing Manager. I'm Louisa. I'm the User Interface Designer. I'm Nick. I am the Industrial Designer. And I'm Alastair and I'm the project leader.
Alright okay, so tool training.. Project plan. So does anyone have any thoughts as to the tool training that is required? Tool training. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training. Neither am I. Oh I see, so we shouldn't really be Oh right okay, so. So we have the project team, which is to basically to come up with a new r remote control device. we have the starting base was the original which has been in existence now for a period of time. And our idea is to to make the new remote control device more user friendly than the previous one, and to to be trendier, to be with it, and therefore to to get a bigger market share and bigger audience. So method of doing this is split up as you can see into Yeah. the functional design, the conceptional design, and the detailed design. So in each of these phases we'll basically be handing over to yourselves, the designers of this Yes. this device. And having meetings so that we can during the course of the day come up with a better better inst implement than we had before. And therefore have a successful conclusion to the day. Mm-hmm, okay. and you'll be doing various designs throughout the day to meet this end.
So we've got tool training. Try out whiteboard.. So we will. Right so everyone's to supposedly draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there. I guess this is make sure the whiteboard works. So I don't know who wishes to go first. Do you wish to go f Have a first bash at whatever. Okay. I don't mind. I dunno... Let's see. Good job I got pockets today. Your microphone's just But now you you you'll move out from the microphone and the camera. I take it that Are we supposed to do this right now, do you think, or? I would I would guess so. Or Yeah. I don't know. You've lost your microphone there. Oh. Technical problems. I mean you designers are meant to come up with these sort of things. Right here we go. Okay. I think that I would have to say that my favourite animal is the cat. Little smiley cat there. and this would be because they're very independent, they're very intelligent, compared to dogs maybe. and they can be very very affectionate. Some people don't think so but I know very affectionate cats.. and they can look after themselves. Next. Okay, yeah. I'll I'll Shall I rub that out, actually? I don't see as there's any need to. There's plenty of space. I mean whatever. We can have have a whole menagerie. Exactly. Shall I see if I can get across without just tangling everything. Okay. There's one. We've had more time to prepare over this side, so we've all stuck our bits and pieces in our pockets. Didn't think of that. 'Kay pens are over here. I'll try the red pen. The three pens are underneath. Okay.. I'm gonna go for the bear which I'm be able to draw very well, but You get marks for artistic impression. I'll have a bash at it.. Ooh ooh I lost it there. I think I've just knocked the microphone.. So you're just doing the face. We'll g then we'll go for a a s small small bear. and I like my animal
Okay, if we're still all with us. Right okay, so. Work has been done on this project where by twenty five Euros is the expected selling price. That information has come from our marketing manager here. So we're looking to sell internationally, not just in Europe. We're looking at having our production costs limited to twelve and an half Euro per unit. And therefore making a profit margin of well not actually a profit margin it's because obviously you're gonna have overheads and various other costs to take from Mm-hmm. Yeah. from that to give you your profit margin per unit. And so depending what the the overhead costs are will determine how many units we're looking to sell or projecting to sell at this point in time.
So Experience with remote control, first ideas. New remote. So I guess we're looking at having a discussion at this point in time to help you folks design our our new model as it were. So any any thoughts? Yes. I with some remote controls the buttons were a little small so they're quite hard to press so maybe we make something with easy to press buttons. As that is the main function. Okay, so so basically we're looking for some we're looking for a device that is robust and Yes. and therefore won't get damaged too easily. we're looking for a device that is What was the other things you said there? sort of easy to use so the buttons are accessible. Easy to use. Use. is easy to use and see. And see. Okay.. Yes. Can I just check? Is this just a television remote? Because a lot of systems are kind of T_V_ video combined now, or T_V_ D_V_D_ combined. And one of the most annoying things is having like five remotes in the house. So if you've got a combined system, it could be a combined remote. Mm-hmm.. Or is it just a television that we're supposed to be doing? Oh I w basically I'll get back to you on that. But it seems to me sensible, 'cause as you rightly said, there's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the about the room. And Yeah. So a device for for all remotes. Sorry, you go. You go. I've Okay. Yeah. one of the things we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well. 'Cause there's quite often lots and lots. And sometimes they sort of remote controls defeat their own purpose because you're sat in the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room. So whereas in the past you'd have to get up to change the channel, now you have to get up to sort of pick up the remote. So so I don't we need to
well we've got five minutes before the end of the meeting. So we have to start winding up. is there Next meeting in thirty minutes. 'Kay. Okay. So Right, so we've got I_D_ the Come on, where's my If you just click return it should be okay. It'll get rid of the message. Or not. If you hit just hit return and it should get rid of the message. Oh there we go. Yeah. That's what I was looking for. Right. So we've got function Oh you've got. Oh what happened to the I think that might be back to the start. if you grab the kind of slide to the left and pull it down? Yeah. slide four Yeah. Right. Right. Sorry about that. Okay, so we've got the working design Okay. for I_D_. For U_I_D_ the technical functions design. Marketing, the user requirement specification. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your person by your personal coach. So. Are we all clear what objectives we're looking to meet in the next thirty minutes? And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of this meeting to to give it to you for the next meeting. Mm-hmm. Yes. 'Kay, yes. Mm-hmm.
I'm not exactly clear on what we're designing the rem remote for. Is this a mun multi-functional one or do we decide that ourselves as we go away and work on it? I think you just said at the start it was a television remote control, so maybe we should just stick to that unless we get told otherwise. Television remote control. Right. Okay cool. 'Kay. That's true, 'cause during during the course of our day we might make decisions based on information or meetings that would change where we're going. But at this point in time I think you're right that shall we make it just a T_V_. Okay?
So we will depart. We will stay here and and break off. And I'll do minutes and and we'll see you in half and hour. Okay. Right s Okay, that's great. Okay. Okay cheers.